"Mythic" section getting through on some spells: Dragon's Breath (4th), Blink (3rd), others

Remove reliance on id in createCheckboxControl etc. - should have direct access to the div

Scroll to top on setCurrentView... $('.panel').scrollTop() didn't work

Trap Android back key, make it work like tapping on the back link.

Android is slow to load pages with lots of dynamic content - react to button press in some fashion?

Add schools, domains etc to adventuring tab

Only slow patrons if APG?  Patrons and bloodlines in Spells Known (listed by caster level rather than spell level)

Close dialog button (when clicking on view icon for a spell and seeing full description) not working on Android (and PC?)

"Remove all" control in prepared spell panel, akin to "clear all" control in known spells panel.

Opposing Schools that take up two spell slots

Initialisation of spell data post-load takes a significant amount of time on Android... need to do 2nd progress bar.

For "not spell slots" options, nominate which other list of slots it is added to (e.g. bloodline added to sorcerer list, patron added to witch list etc)

"back" navigation for hyperlinks between spell descriptions.

In Known Spells panel, show a running # of spells known at each level (for spontaneous casters and spell book pages)

Corrections to spell data?  Beast Form II doesn't <i> the ref to Beast Form I, Malfunction has school of "transformation" rather than "transmutation"

Spell details dialog doesn't always appear in visible screen area (if scrolled down).

Also download feats from pathfindercommunity.net too, to get Metamagic feats?
    https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/pub?key=0AhwDI9kFz9SddEJPRDVsYVczNVc2TlF6VDNBYTZqbkE&output=csv
    regex: (uses|takes) (up )?a (spell )?slot
    Some descriptions use words (one, two), some a digits (2)

Current algorithm to get domains/bloodlines/patrons from sources is wrong, misses many.
domains: actual 152 vs correct core/apg 124
bloodlines: actual 42 vs correct core/apg 27
patrons: actual 37 vs correct core/apg 24

Fix checkbox list (spontaneous casters) outside of level's div, using next() instead of parent() in checkboxInteraction();

Arcanist has prepared spontaneous slots (i.e. like Sorcerer who can change their spells known each day).

